Fixed the typos. (#105642)
Azure/azure-content: articles/reliability/migrate-workload-aks-mysql.md

To provide full workload support for availability zones, each service dependency in the workload must support availability zones. 

> There are two approaches types of availability zone supported services: [zonal or zone-redundant](availability-zones-service-support.md#azure-services-with-availability-zone-support). Most services support one or the other. However, in some cases, there are options for choosing either a zonal or zone-redundant resource for that service. We'll indicate which services zonal and zone-redundant resources and the recommendations below.  We'll also indicate which services are global and regional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two approaches types of availability zone supported services: [zonal or zone-redundant](availability-zones-service-support.md#azure-services-with-availability-zone-support). Most services support one or the other. However, in some cases, there are options for choosing either a zonal or zone-redundant resource for that service. We indicate which services support zonal and zone-redundant resources in the following recommendations.  We also indicate which services are global and regional.
```

#### Azure Firewall 

> *Zonal*: To use the benefits of availability zones, we recommend that the Azure Firewall resource be created in multiple zones, such as zone 1, 2, and 3. We recommend that you select all three zones for best intra-region resiliency strategy.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Zonal*: To use the benefits of availability zones, we recommend that the Azure Firewall resource be created in multiple zones, such as zone 1, 2, and 3. We recommend that you select all three zones for the best intra-region resiliency strategy.  
```
